Add docs about new compression explorer in Cloud Console (#1950)
timescale/docs: cloud/service-explorer.md

You can also inspect individual hypertables, including their sizes, dimension
ranges, and compression status.

> You can also set a compression policy from this section. See [Setting a
> compression policy from Timescale Cloud console][set-compression] for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set a compression policy from this section. For more information, see the 
[Setting a compression policy from Timescale Cloud console][set-compression] section.
```

<img class="main-content__illustration"
src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/tsc-explorer-tables.png"
alt="Timescale Cloud Explorer, Tables section"/>

For more information about hypertables, see our
[hypertables section][hypertables].

## Setting a compression policy from Timescale Cloud console

You can set a [compression policy][compression] on a hypertable directly from
Timescale Cloud console.

<procedure>

### Set a compression policy from Timescale Cloud console

1.  Inside the Timescale Cloud Service Explorer, select a hypertable.
1.  Select the `Policies` tab.
1.  In the `Compression policy` section, click `Create compression policy`. A
    suggested policy interval is pre-selected for you, but you can change this
    in the next step.

    <img class="main-content__illustration"
    src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/tsc-explorer-compression-policy.png"
    alt='A screenshot of the compression policy section, showing the "Create
    compression policy" button and a default policy interval of 14 days.' />

> 1.  A modal appears with options for different compression policy intervals.

Reviewer: 🪄
